And ah, do you remember what dad told you just now?
Don’t worry, Yue Chang, the community has remembered it.
Well, actually,
He hardly dares to fight with others,
But don't worry, dad is here,
Since Your Majesty wants to make it easy for you,
Then stay with dad,
It must be grandpa who follows me first.
Then thank you Yue Changhao.
Correct, eight hundred miles of adding machine,
Sent by Red Kilometer, it can make the moon grow longer,
But you don’t know, we left home,
In order to conquer the country and build a village,
I didn’t expect that my daughter’s father would not let us leave home.
Especially if you want to look happy, let me look at you.
What the hell are you three doing?
Why not let Deputy Fire be the head coach?
It’s really worth it.
don't don't don't don't
I want to get up. I want to get up.
It's better to get angry and fight than the second one.
Provoke message pin
Would this even be false? It shouldn't be
There won’t be any fake Zhang Fujie in the world.
Find all the soldiers to take charge of the matter